# Course-project
This was a course project about databases
In the project ‘Bought Books library,’ the database is developed for a customer imaginary who wants to track books that are bought or reviewed from their website. The bookstore wants to develop a database and program for their new website. The database should be kept small and lightweight for testing first and be able to expand later. The database should allow customers of the website that have made profiles there to track their bought books and review all books on the website. When making a profile users should give basic information like username, password, and their email for billing. When a new user makes a profile or an old user wants to update their profile this data should be added to the database. The store owner should easily keep track of all of the books that are on the website and the names of other bookstores that they are brought from It should be easy to track which books are bought, reviewed, or both. Information about the books on the website should contain information about the book's name, from which store it retailed, and the genre of the book. The reviews should be easily connected to reviewed books so if the bookstore owner wants they can easily post them and get the average of books reviewed. Always when the user has bought or revied a book from the website it should be added to the database. Both bought books and reviewed books should be connected.
 
The following database queries have to be implemented: (1)List all books users have bought (2) List all books that have been bought and reviewed by different users. (3) Users password is changed (4)Delete review linked to books name (5)List website users info. (6) New users can be added by inserting a new user ID, Username, Password, and Email address.

Implementation:
I wrote a Python program that gave the user different options on what to do. The user could update their password and this updated the database. The user could also delete a review and this would delete the line from the database. The user could also add a new user and this would add a line to the database. The user could also view books that were bought, reviewed, and user information. All this changed information would be shown to the user.  
